General Questions: 
1- Introduce yourself. 
2- Describe a challenge you faced as a devops engineer and how you overcame it. 
3- Would you like to work individually or in a team. 
4 - Tell me about something where you got a chance to learn and implement from scratch. 
5- How would you be handling a situation where you are not getting any help from your team members. 
 
AWS Questions: 
1- Launch template vs launch configuration. 
2- How do you communicate with AWS services privately without exposing to internet. 
3- NAT g/w vs NAT instance v/s Egress only IGW v/s IGW 
4- Design a 3 tier infrastructure using the AWS services which should be secure and highly available. 
5- Statefull v/s stateless firewalls. 
6- Differentiate between NLB and ALB. 
7- You want to redirect traffic from x.company.in to company.in/x, how to achieve it. 
8- Your database initially performs well, but after certain month you face slowness. How to troubleshoot and fix the same. 
 
K8s: 
1- K8s architecture 
2- Deployment v/s stateful set v/s replica set 
3- What is config map 
4- Role of etcd in kubernetes. 
5- How rolling updates work in a deployment? 
 
Docker: 
1- ADD v/s COPY 
2- Entrypoint v/s CMD 
3- How to remove all unwanted or unused docker objects from system? 
4- Multistage docker build. 
5- Is docker file immutable 
 
Terraform: 
1- What does terraform init do ? 
2- How to auto approve the terraform changes? 
3- count v/s foreach 
4- How to import an existing resource to terraform? 
5- Data black in terraform. 
6- What are provisioners in terraform? 
7- Remote backend. 
 
Linux: 
1- How to check the list of installed packages? 
2- Command to check kernel version. 
3- How to create a new user and add it as sudo? 
4- Command to check if a process called "a" is running or not. If running how stop it. 
5- Command to list all files less than 5mb. 
6- Hard link v/s soft link. 
7- Commands to check disk space usage and free RAM. 
 
CI/CD: 
1- Git fetch v/s Git pull 
2- Sonarqube quality gate vs quality profile. 
3- What is sonar runner. 
4- Types of pipeline in Jenkins. 
5- Scripted vs Declarative pipeline. 
6- Should we prefer artifactory to store artifacts or should we store them in s3. 
7- How to upgrade plugins in Jenkins. 
8- Usermanagement in Jenkins. 
9- Concepts about Gitlab runners. 
10- How to upgrade Jenkins. 
 
Ansible: 
1- loops in Ansible. 
2- Ansible Roles. 
3- Is Ansible idempotent? 
4- Ansible script to install nginx. 
5- Conditionals in Ansible. 
