Qualcommm 5+ years exp

1. Which component handles service mechanism in K8s?
2. CoreDNS
3. TCP handshake, TLS – which happens first?
4. What is the exact command to get the process details with only a port number?
5. What is the stable version of Terraform in 2024?
6. Port range for NodePort
7. From app to DB connectivity – how do you check using which command in K8s?
8. What is the command to check DNS resolution?
9. Port number for LDP
10. How do you improve parallel processing in Python to use resources effectively?
11. What are the advantages of declarative pipeline script over scripted pipeline script?
12. What is the default scripting language for declarative pipeline script?
13. To check logs of a particular job – what is the default location in Jenkins?
14. How do you configure a slave node on Jenkins that relates to on-prem (not cloud)?
15. TCP happens on which layer?
16. What is the disadvantage of K8s when dealing with more applications in terms of pods always restarting?
17. What is the use of nslookup or dig command?
18. Is nameserver registration required on every client machine to reach a website? What happens when a user hits a domain?
19. How does TLS mechanism work?
20. What is the default first instruction in a Dockerfile? Can we use any instruction on top of FROM?
21. What is the difference between ARG and ENV in a Dockerfile?
22. Can we handle different application processes in a single Dockerfile? If yes, how do you instruct it to run first?
23. If a Jenkins node goes down, how do you debug?
24. How do you improve the performance of a Jenkins node if it is getting stuck?
25. What are other web metrics in terms of node performance issues besides CPU, memory, IO, and network?
26. In which language is Jenkins developed?
27. What is the difference between Ingress Controller and API Gateway?
28. How does AWS Lambda work as serverless?
29. What is the use of master-slave architecture in Jenkins?
30. What do you know about Qualcomm?
31. How do you handle cluster upgrade in AWS EKS?
32. If you define multiple nodes in the agent block in a single pipeline, how does job orchestration happen?
33. If one node has many jobs, what happens?
34. How do you run different stages at the same time?
35. How do you optimize Dockerfile size?
36. How does layer caching happen in a Docker image?
37. Then how can we handle layer caching effectively?
38. What is the difference between monolith and microservices architectures?
39. In Ansible, if one of the managed nodes lost connection with the control node, but I still want to perform some task, how will you handle this?
40. What about bastion mechanism in Ansible? Does that work for the above-mentioned requirement?
41. Explain us the entire flow for how the request goes from the client browser to the K8s pod?
42. What are the disadvantages of microservices architecture?
43. What is your opinion on moving from on prem to cloud, what are the advantages
44. If I add -y to an existing instruction in a Dockerfile will layer caching work?
45. What is the difference between Flask and Django frameworks in Python and which is better?
46. What is the use of Trivy and Checkov tools?
47. Can we not use Checkov for Docker Image scanning?
48. How to scan for secrets in Terraform?
49. What are the common Vulnerabilities identified in Docker images when scanning using Trivy?




